postgres_schema.md, before:

Table name: `av_fq_isog`

This table represents unpolarized abelian varieties, up to isogeny.

Column                       | Type       | Notes
-----------------------------|------------|------
label                        | text       |
g                            | smallint   |
q                            | integer    |
poly_str                     | text       | Space separated string of coefficients, for searching
p_rank                       | smallint   |
dim1_factors                 | smallint   | Number of dimension 1 factors
dim2_factors                 | smallint   | Number of dimension 2 factors
dim3_factors                 | smallint   | Number of dimension 3 factors
dim4_factors                 | smallint   | Number of dimension 4 factors
dim5_factors                 | smallint   | Number of dimension 5 factors
dim1_distinct                | smallint   | Number of distinct dimension 1 factors
dim2_distinct                | smallint   | Number of distinct dimension 2 factors
dim3_distinct                | smallint   | Number of distinct dimension 3 factors
dim4_distinct                | smallint   | Number of distinct dimension 4 factors
dim5_distinct                | smallint   | Number of distinct dimension 5 factors
poly                         | integer[]  | Coefficients of the Weil polynomial.  The first will always be `1` and the last `q^g`
real_poly                    | integer[]  | Coefficients of the real Weil polynomial, whose roots are the traces down to R of the roots of the Weil polynomial
angles                       | float8[]   | Angles corresponding to roots in the closure of the upper half plane, divided by `pi`.  All will be in the interval `[0, 1]`, and there will be `g` of them unless `0` or `1` is included.
angle_rank                   | smallint   | The dimension of the Q-span of the angles (see knowl for complete definition)
slopes                       | text[]     | The sorted list of slopes, as string representations of rational numbers.  Duplicated slopes will have "A", "B", etc appended.
abvar_counts                 | numeric[]  | The list of counts `#A(F_{q^i})` for `i=1..10`, for `A` in this isogeny class
abvar_counts_str             | text       | A space separated string of abelian variety counts, for searching
curve_counts                 | numeric[]  | The list of curve counts `#C(F_{q^i})` for `i=1..10` for any curve `C` of genus `g` with `J(C)` in this isogeny class
curve_counts_str             | text       | A space separated string of curve counts, for searching
curve_count                  | integer    | The count `#C(F_q)`, duplicated for searching purposes
has_jacobian                 | smallint   | 1 if it is known that this isogeny class contains a Jacobian; -1 if it is known that it does not; 0 otherwise
has_principal_polarization   | smallint   | 1 if it is known that this isogeny class contains a principally polarizable abelian variety; -1 if it is known that it does not; 0 otherwise
is_simple                    | boolean    |
simple_factors               | text[]     | A list of labels of simple factors.  Duplicated factors will have "A", "B", etc appended.
simple_distinct              | text[]     | A list of distinct labels of simple factors.
simple_multiplicities        | smallint[] | For each distinct simple factor, the multiplicity in the decomposition.
number_fields                | text[]     | The number fields associated to the irreducible factors of the Weil polynomial
galois_groups                | text[]     | The Galois groups of the number fields associated to the irreducible factors of the Weil polynomial, e.g. "4T3"
geometric_extension_degree   | smallint   | The smallest degree extension of the base field over which the endomorphism algebra becomes the full endomorphism algebra
center_dim                   | smallint   | The dimension of the center of the endomorphism algebra End^0(A) over Q
geometric_center_dim         | smallint   | The dimension of the center of the geometric endomorphism algebra End^0_{q^r}(A) over Q, where r is the geometric extension degree
primitive_models             | text[]     | A list of labels giving primitive models for this isogeny class (ie, this class arises from base change from the model).  If primitive, NULL.
is_primitive                 | boolean    |
twists                       | jsonb      | A list of triples `(label, geom_label, r)` where `label` is the label of a twist, `r` is an extension degree where the twists become isomorphic, and `geom_label` is the label of the common base change to that degree.

size                         | integer    | number of isomorphism classes within the isogeny class (isomorphisms of unpolarized abelian varieties)
ppav_count                   | integer    | number of isomorphism classes of principally polarized abelain varieties within the isogeny class (isomorphisms of polarized abelian varieties)
jacobian_count               | integer    | number of isomorphism classes of Jacobians within the isogeny class (isomorphisms of polarized abelian varieties)
zfv_is_bass                  | boolean    | whether all the over-orders for the order `Z[F,V]` are Gorenstein
zfv_is_maximal               | boolean    | whether the order `Z[F,V]` is maximal
zfv_index                    | numeric    | the index of the order `Z[F,V]` in the maximal order
zfv_index_factorization      | numeric[]  | A list of pairs (p, e) giving the factorization of the index
zfv_plus_index               | numeric    | the index of the order `Z[F+V]` in the maximal order of the real subfield
zfv_plus_index_factorization | numeric[]  | A list of pairs (p, e) giving the factorization of the index
zfv_plus_norm                | numeric    | The absolute value of the norm of F-V to Z
isogeny_graphs               | jsonb      | list of pairs `(p, G)`, where `p` is a degree (or maybe list of degrees) and `G` is a list of pairs `(u,v)` representing the directed edge from `u` to `v`.  Each of `u` and `v` is the `isom_letter` for the corresponding isogeny class
ideal_class_generators       | text[]     | A list of `isom_letters` for isomorphism classes that generate the ideal monoid
ideal_class_relations        | integer[]  | A matrix of positive integers giving relations between the ideal class generators

Table name: `av_fq_endalg_factors`

There will be a row in this table for each simple factor of an isogeny class over an extension field GF(q^r), where r divides the geometric extension degree

Column           | Type     | Notes
-----------------|----------|------
base_label       | text     | The label for the base isogeny class, with (q,g) in our range, either simple or non-simple
extension_label  | text     | The label for a simple factor of the base change
extension_degree | smallint | The degree of the extension (could be 1)
multiplicity     | smallint | The multiplicity of this simple factor in the base change

Table name: `av_fq_endalg_data`

Data to specify endomorphism algebra for base changed isogeny classes, as a division algebra over its center

Column            | Type     | Notes
------------------|----------|------
extension_label   | text     | The label for the base changed simple isogeny class (which may be out of our (g,q) range)
center            | text     | The number field label for the center of the endomorphism algebra End^0_{q^r}(A)
galois_group      | text     | The transitive label (e.g. "4T3") for the Galois group of the center
center_dim        | smallint | The degree of the center over Q
divalg_dim        | smallint | The dimension of the endomorphism algebra End^0_{q^r}(A) over its center
places            | text     | A list of lists of rational numbers stored as strings, giving the prime ideals above `p`.  The terms in the outer list correspond to places in the corresponding number field, and each inner list gives coefficients for a two-element generator of that prime ideal (along with `p`) as coefficients of powers of `F`.  They are sorted so that the valuation of `F` is increaasing.
brauer_invariants | text     | A list of rational numbers stored as strings, giving the Brauer invariants for End^0_{q^r}(A) as a division algebra over its center

Table name: `av_fq_isom`

This table represents unpolarized abelian varieties, up to isomorphism.

Column                       | Type      | Notes
-----------------------------|-----------|------
label                        | text      | `g.q.weil.enum`, where `g` is the dimension, `q` is the cardinality of the base field, `weil` is the encoding of the Weil polynomial and `enum` is `isom_letter`
isom_num                     | integer   | A 0-based enumeration of the isomorphism classes within an isogeny class, TBD
isom_letter                  | text      | Base 26 a-z encoding of isom_num
isog_label                   | text      | label for isogeny class
frac_ideal_numerators        | numeric[] | numerators for a basis for the fractional ideal, expressed in terms of V^{g-1},...,V,1,F,F^2,...,F^g
frac_ideal_denominators      | numeric[] | denominators for a basis for the fractional ideal, expressed in terms of V^{g-1},...,V,1,F,F^2,...,F^g.  NULL if all 1.
over_order                   | text      | isom_letter for over order associated to this ideal MAYBE???
is_over_order                | boolean   | MAYBE???
weak_equivalence_class       | text      | label for the weak equivalence class???
rep_type                     | smallint  | 0=ordinary or Centeleghe-Stix,...
is_reduced                   | boolean   | Whether the fractional ideal is reduced (HNF, minimal norm, lexicographic within same norm)
cm_type                      | boolean[] | Whether the +imaginary embedding is a p-adic non-unit, for embeddings sorted by real part
cm_elt                       | numeric[] | An element of Q[F] that is positive imaginary under each embedding in the CM type
can_be_principally_polarized | boolean   | Whether this abelian variety has a principal polarization
rational_invariants          | numeric[] | Invariant factors of A(F_q)
is_product                   | boolean   | Whether this isomorphism class is a product of smaller dimensional abelian varieties
product_factorization        | jsonb     | List of pairs (label, e) expressing this as a product of smaller dimensional abelian varities (NULL if not)
endo_ring                    | jsonb     | Some kind of description....
related_objects              | text[]    | List of URLs


Table name: `av_fq_pol`

This table represents polarized abelian varieties, up to isomorphism.

Column              | Type       | Notes
--------------------|------------|------
label               | text       | ?????
isom_label          | text       |
representative      | 
degree              | smallint   | degree of the polarization
kernel              | smallint[] | invariant factors for the kernel of the isogeny (cokernel of the map of lattices)
is_decomposable     | boolean    | Whether this polarized abelian variety is a product
decomposition       | jsonb      | List of pairs (label, e) expressing this polarized abelian variety as a product (NULL if not)
aut_group           | text       | GAP id
geom_aut_group      | text       | GAP id
is_hyperelliptic    | boolean    |
is_geometrically_hyperelliptic | boolean |
is_jacobian         | boolean |
is_geometrically_jacobian | boolean |
invariants          | jsonb      | For small genus, a list of geometric invariants (e.g. Igusa).  Only possible in the principal case


Table name: `curves_fq`

Column              | Type       | Notes
--------------------|------------|------
model
???

Things to add for the isogeny class

Column                       | Type      | Notes
-----------------------------|-----------|------
size                         | integer   | number of isomorphism classes within the isogeny class
zfv_is_bass                  | boolean   | whether all the over-orders for the order `Z[F,V]` are Gorenstein
zfv_is_maximal               | boolean   | whether the order `Z[F,V]` is maximal
zfv_index                    | numeric   | the index of the order `Z[F,V]` in the maximal order
zfv_index_factorization      | numeric[] | A list of pairs (p, e) giving the factorization of the index
zfv_plus_index               | numeric   | the index of the order `Z[F+V]` in the maximal order of the real subfield
zfv_plus_index_factorization | numeric[] | A list of pairs (p, e) giving the factorization of the index
zfv_plus_norm                | numeric   | The absolute value of the norm of F-V to Z
isogeny_graphs               | jsonb     | list of pairs `(p, G)`, where `p` is a degree (or maybe list of degrees) and `G` is a list of pairs `(u,v)` representing the directed edge from `u` to `v`.  Each of `u` and `v` is the `isom_letter` for the corresponding isogeny class
ideal_class_generators       | text[]    | A list of `isom_letters` for isomorphism classes that generate the ideal monoid
ideal_class_relations        | integer[] | A matrix of positive integers giving relations between the ideal class generators

 * Whether or not two isogeny classes come together after base extension, and what the degree is

* Change `brauer_invs` from a string to list of lists of strings
* Change jsonb types to arrays
* Change `nf` to `text[]`: a list of number fields in the non-simple case
* Update galois_t when not set
* Add missing isogeny classes (t^2-p)
* Rename/retype some columns:
 - poly (jsonb -> integer[])
 - angles (jsonb -> float8[])
 - ang_rank -> angle_rank (smallint)
 - slps -> slopes (jsonb -> text[])
 - A_cnts -> abvar_counts (jsonb -> numeric[])
 - A_cnts_str -> abvar_counts_str (text)
 - C_cnts -> curve_counts (jsonb -> numeric[])
 - C_cnts_str -> curve_counts_str (text)
 - pt_cnt -> curve_count (integer)
 - is_jac -> has_jacobian (smallint -> boolean)
 - is_pp -> has_principal_polarization (smallint -> boolean)
 - decomp -> XXX
 - is_simp -> is_simple (boolean)
 - simple_factors (jsonb -> text[])
 - simple_distinct (jsonb -> text[])
 - brauer_invs -> brauer_invariants (text -> text[])
 - places (jsonb -> text[])
 - prim_models -> primitive_models (jsonb -> text[])
 - is_prim -> is_primitive (boolean)
 - nf -> number_fields (text -> text[])
 - galois_t -> galois_groups (smallint -> text[])
 - galois_n -> XXX

Unchanged:
 - label (text)
 - g (smallint)
 - q (integer)
 - poly_str (text)
 - p_rank (smallint)
 - dim1_factors (smallint)
 - dim2_factors (smallint)
 - dim3_factors (smallint)
 - dim4_factors (smallint)
 - dim5_factors (smallint)
 - dim1_distinct (smallint)
 - dim2_distinct (smallint)
 - dim3_distinct (smallint)
 - dim4_distinct (smallint)
 - dim5_distinct (smallint)

June Ju and Everett Howe: telling whether an abelian variety is absolutely simple
Look at primes dividing discriminant of Weil field, products at most 4g^2.
Find pairwise r, hash on multiple r
Supersingular if and only if the ultimate field is Q

For Stefano
-----------

We'll be doing isogeny classes that Stefano has already computed, plus:

 * Any g, q
 * ordinary or C-S (q=p, no real roots), squarefree
 * Z[F,V] = maximal order

For each isogeny class, write lines to two files

 * isomorphism_classes.txt (one line per ideal)
```
isog_label:frac_ideal:rep_type:is_reduced:cm_elt:is_product
e.g.
1.251.v:{{1,0},{0,1}}:0:f:{21,2}:f
```
 * isogeny_classes.txt (one line per class)
```
isog_label:order_index:order_is_bass:order_is_maximal:size
e.g.
1.251.v:1:t:t:9
```

Use `\N` for null.

["1.251.v", [251,21,1]]

Commit message:

Working on code for generating isogeny classes, postgres schema

postgres_schema.md, after:

Table name: `av_fq_isog`

This table represents unpolarized abelian varieties, up to isogeny.

Column                       | Type       | Notes
-----------------------------|------------|------
label                        | text       |
g                            | smallint   |
q                            | integer    |
poly_str                     | text       | Space separated string of coefficients, for searching
p_rank                       | smallint   |
dim1_factors                 | smallint   | Number of dimension 1 factors
dim2_factors                 | smallint   | Number of dimension 2 factors
dim3_factors                 | smallint   | Number of dimension 3 factors
dim4_factors                 | smallint   | Number of dimension 4 factors
dim5_factors                 | smallint   | Number of dimension 5 factors
dim1_distinct                | smallint   | Number of distinct dimension 1 factors
dim2_distinct                | smallint   | Number of distinct dimension 2 factors
dim3_distinct                | smallint   | Number of distinct dimension 3 factors
dim4_distinct                | smallint   | Number of distinct dimension 4 factors
dim5_distinct                | smallint   | Number of distinct dimension 5 factors
poly                         | integer[]  | Coefficients of the Weil polynomial.  The first will always be `1` and the last `q^g`
real_poly                    | integer[]  | Coefficients of the real Weil polynomial, whose roots are the traces down to R of the roots of the Weil polynomial
angles                       | float8[]   | Angles corresponding to roots in the closure of the upper half plane, divided by `pi`.  All will be in the interval `[0, 1]`, and there will be `g` of them unless `0` or `1` is included.
angle_rank                   | smallint   | The dimension of the Q-span of the angles (see knowl for complete definition)
slopes                       | text[]     | The sorted list of slopes, as string representations of rational numbers.  Duplicated slopes will have "A", "B", etc appended.
abvar_counts                 | numeric[]  | The list of counts `#A(F_{q^i})` for `i=1..10`, for `A` in this isogeny class
abvar_counts_str             | text       | A space separated string of abelian variety counts, for searching
curve_counts                 | numeric[]  | The list of curve counts `#C(F_{q^i})` for `i=1..10` for any curve `C` of genus `g` with `J(C)` in this isogeny class
curve_counts_str             | text       | A space separated string of curve counts, for searching
curve_count                  | integer    | The count `#C(F_q)`, duplicated for searching purposes
has_jacobian                 | smallint   | 1 if it is known that this isogeny class contains a Jacobian; -1 if it is known that it does not; 0 otherwise
has_principal_polarization   | smallint   | 1 if it is known that this isogeny class contains a principally polarizable abelian variety; -1 if it is known that it does not; 0 otherwise
is_simple                    | boolean    |
simple_factors               | text[]     | A list of labels of simple factors.  Duplicated factors will have "A", "B", etc appended.
simple_distinct              | text[]     | A list of distinct labels of simple factors.
simple_multiplicities        | smallint[] | For each distinct simple factor, the multiplicity in the decomposition.
number_fields                | text[]     | The number fields associated to the irreducible factors of the Weil polynomial
galois_groups                | text[]     | The Galois groups of the number fields associated to the irreducible factors of the Weil polynomial, e.g. "4T3"
geometric_extension_degree   | smallint   | The smallest degree extension of the base field over which the endomorphism algebra becomes the full endomorphism algebra
center_dim                   | smallint   | The dimension of the center of the endomorphism algebra End^0(A) over Q
geometric_center_dim         | smallint   | The dimension of the center of the geometric endomorphism algebra End^0_{q^r}(A) over Q, where r is the geometric extension degree
primitive_models             | text[]     | A list of labels giving primitive models for this isogeny class (ie, this class arises from base change from the model).  If primitive, NULL.
is_primitive                 | boolean    |
twists                       | jsonb      | A list of triples `(label, geom_label, r)` where `label` is the label of a twist, `r` is an extension degree where the twists become isomorphic, and `geom_label` is the label of the common base change to that degree.

size                         | integer    | number of isomorphism classes within the isogeny class (isomorphisms of unpolarized abelian varieties)
ppav_count                   | integer    | number of isomorphism classes of principally polarized abelain varieties within the isogeny class (isomorphisms of polarized abelian varieties)
jacobian_count               | integer    | number of isomorphism classes of Jacobians within the isogeny class (isomorphisms of polarized abelian varieties)
zfv_is_bass                  | boolean    | whether all the over-orders for the order `Z[F,V]` are Gorenstein
zfv_is_maximal               | boolean    | whether the order `Z[F,V]` is maximal
zfv_index                    | numeric    | the index of the order `Z[F,V]` in the maximal order
zfv_index_factorization      | numeric[]  | A list of pairs (p, e) giving the factorization of the index
zfv_plus_index               | numeric    | the index of the order `Z[F+V]` in the maximal order of the real subfield
zfv_plus_index_factorization | numeric[]  | A list of pairs (p, e) giving the factorization of the index
zfv_plus_norm                | numeric    | The absolute value of the norm of F-V to Z
isogeny_graphs               | jsonb      | list of pairs `(p, G)`, where `p` is a degree (or maybe list of degrees) and `G` is a list of pairs `(u,v)` representing the directed edge from `u` to `v`.  Each of `u` and `v` is the `isom_letter` for the corresponding isogeny class
ideal_class_generators       | text[]     | A list of `isom_letters` for isomorphism classes that generate the ideal monoid
ideal_class_relations        | integer[]  | A matrix of positive integers giving relations between the ideal class generators

Table name: `av_fq_endalg_factors`

There will be a row in this table for each simple factor of an isogeny class over an extension field GF(q^r), where r divides the geometric extension degree

Column           | Type     | Notes
-----------------|----------|------
base_label       | text     | The label for the base isogeny class, with (q,g) in our range, either simple or non-simple
extension_label  | text     | The label for a simple factor of the base change
extension_degree | smallint | The degree of the extension (could be 1)
multiplicity     | smallint | The multiplicity of this simple factor in the base change

Table name: `av_fq_endalg_data`

Data to specify endomorphism algebra for base changed isogeny classes, as a division algebra over its center

Column            | Type     | Notes
------------------|----------|------
extension_label   | text     | The label for the base changed simple isogeny class (which may be out of our (g,q) range)
center            | text     | The number field label for the center of the endomorphism algebra End^0_{q^r}(A)
galois_group      | text     | The transitive label (e.g. "4T3") for the Galois group of the center
center_dim        | smallint | The degree of the center over Q
divalg_dim        | smallint | The dimension of the endomorphism algebra End^0_{q^r}(A) over its center
places            | text     | A list of lists of rational numbers stored as strings, giving the prime ideals above `p`.  The terms in the outer list correspond to places in the corresponding number field, and each inner list gives coefficients for a two-element generator of that prime ideal (along with `p`) as coefficients of powers of `F`.  They are sorted so that the valuation of `F` is increaasing.
brauer_invariants | text[]   | A list of rational numbers stored as strings, giving the Brauer invariants for End^0_{q^r}(A) as a division algebra over its center

Table name: `av_fq_isom`

This table represents unpolarized abelian varieties, up to isomorphism.

Column                       | Type      | Notes
-----------------------------|-----------|------
label                        | text      | `g.q.weil.enum`, where `g` is the dimension, `q` is the cardinality of the base field, `weil` is the encoding of the Weil polynomial and `enum` is `isom_letter`
isom_num                     | integer   | A 0-based enumeration of the isomorphism classes within an isogeny class, TBD
isom_letter                  | text      | Base 26 a-z encoding of isom_num
isog_label                   | text      | label for isogeny class
isog_power                   | smallint  | When the Weil polynomial is h^r for some squarefree polynomial h, we record r.  If r > 1, require h to be Bass (unable to compute otherwise)
frac_ideal_numerators        | numeric[] | numerators for a basis for the fractional ideal, expressed in terms of V^{g-1},...,V,1,F,F^2,...,F^g.  NULL if isog_power > 1
frac_ideal_denominators      | numeric[] | denominators for a basis for the fractional ideal, expressed in terms of V^{g-1},...,V,1,F,F^2,...,F^g.  NULL if all 1.
weak_equivalence_class       | text      | isom_letter for the first isom class in this weak equivalence class
rep_type                     | smallint  | 0=ordinary or Centeleghe-Stix,...
rational_invariants          | numeric[] | Invariant factors of A(F_q)
is_product                   | boolean   | Whether this isomorphism class is a product of smaller dimensional abelian varieties
power_product_factorization  | text[]    | If isog_power > 1, list of isom_letters corresponding to a direct sum decomposition S_1 + S_2 + ... + I_r in the isogeny class corresponing to the polynomial h.  Here S_i is an order and (I_r:I_r) >= S_{r-1}.
product_factorization        | jsonb     | List of pairs (label, e) expressing this as a product of smaller dimensional abelian varities (NULL if not)
endo_ring                    | text      | The isom_letter for the isomorphism class which is the endomorphism ring (NULL when isog_power != 1)
related_objects              | text[]    | List of URLs (null for now)
can_be_principally_polarized | boolean   | Whether this abelian variety has a principal polarization (null for now)
is_reduced                   | boolean   | Whether the fractional ideal is reduced (HNF, minimal norm, lexicographic within same norm) (add later)


Table name: `av_fq_pol`

This table represents polarized abelian varieties, up to isomorphism.

Column              | Type       | Notes
--------------------|------------|------
label               | text       | ?????
isom_label          | text       |
representative      | 
degree              | smallint   | degree of the polarization
kernel              | smallint[] | invariant factors for the kernel of the isogeny (cokernel of the map of lattices)
is_decomposable     | boolean    | Whether this polarized abelian variety is a product
decomposition       | jsonb      | List of pairs (label, e) expressing this polarized abelian variety as a product (NULL if not)
cm_type             | boolean[]  | Whether the +imaginary embedding is a p-adic non-unit, for embeddings sorted by real part
cm_elt              | numeric[]  | An element of Q[F] that is positive imaginary under each embedding in the CM type
aut_group           | text       | GAP id
geom_aut_group      | text       | GAP id
is_hyperelliptic    | boolean    |
is_geometrically_hyperelliptic | boolean |
is_jacobian         | boolean |
is_geometrically_jacobian | boolean |
invariants          | jsonb      | For small genus, a list of geometric invariants (e.g. Igusa).  Only possible in the principal case


Table name: `curves_fq`

Column              | Type       | Notes
--------------------|------------|------
model
???

Things to add for the isogeny class

Column                       | Type      | Notes
-----------------------------|-----------|------
size                         | integer   | number of isomorphism classes within the isogeny class
zfv_is_bass                  | boolean   | whether all the over-orders for the order `Z[F,V]` are Gorenstein
zfv_is_maximal               | boolean   | whether the order `Z[F,V]` is maximal
zfv_index                    | numeric   | the index of the order `Z[F,V]` in the maximal order
zfv_index_factorization      | numeric[] | A list of pairs (p, e) giving the factorization of the index
zfv_plus_index               | numeric   | the index of the order `Z[F+V]` in the maximal order of the real subfield
zfv_plus_index_factorization | numeric[] | A list of pairs (p, e) giving the factorization of the index
zfv_plus_norm                | numeric   | The absolute value of the norm of F-V to Z
isogeny_graphs               | jsonb     | list of pairs `(p, G)`, where `p` is a degree (or maybe list of degrees) and `G` is a list of pairs `(u,v)` representing the directed edge from `u` to `v`.  Each of `u` and `v` is the `isom_letter` for the corresponding isogeny class
ideal_class_generators       | text[]    | A list of `isom_letters` for isomorphism classes that generate the ideal monoid
ideal_class_relations        | integer[] | A matrix of positive integers giving relations between the ideal class generators

 * Whether or not two isogeny classes come together after base extension, and what the degree is

* Change `brauer_invs` from a string to list of lists of strings
* Change jsonb types to arrays
* Change `nf` to `text[]`: a list of number fields in the non-simple case
* Update galois_t when not set
* Add missing isogeny classes (t^2-p)
* Rename/retype some columns:
 - poly (jsonb -> integer[])
 - angles (jsonb -> float8[])
 - ang_rank -> angle_rank (smallint)
 - slps -> slopes (jsonb -> text[])
 - A_cnts -> abvar_counts (jsonb -> numeric[])
 - A_cnts_str -> abvar_counts_str (text)
 - C_cnts -> curve_counts (jsonb -> numeric[])
 - C_cnts_str -> curve_counts_str (text)
 - pt_cnt -> curve_count (integer)
 - is_jac -> has_jacobian (smallint -> boolean)
 - is_pp -> has_principal_polarization (smallint -> boolean)
 - decomp -> XXX
 - is_simp -> is_simple (boolean)
 - simple_factors (jsonb -> text[])
 - simple_distinct (jsonb -> text[])
 - brauer_invs -> brauer_invariants (text -> text[])
 - places (jsonb -> text[])
 - prim_models -> primitive_models (jsonb -> text[])
 - is_prim -> is_primitive (boolean)
 - nf -> number_fields (text -> text[])
 - galois_t -> galois_groups (smallint -> text[])
 - galois_n -> XXX

Unchanged:
 - label (text)
 - g (smallint)
 - q (integer)
 - poly_str (text)
 - p_rank (smallint)
 - dim1_factors (smallint)
 - dim2_factors (smallint)
 - dim3_factors (smallint)
 - dim4_factors (smallint)
 - dim5_factors (smallint)
 - dim1_distinct (smallint)
 - dim2_distinct (smallint)
 - dim3_distinct (smallint)
 - dim4_distinct (smallint)
 - dim5_distinct (smallint)

June Ju and Everett Howe: telling whether an abelian variety is absolutely simple
Look at primes dividing discriminant of Weil field, products at most 4g^2.
Find pairwise r, hash on multiple r
Supersingular if and only if the ultimate field is Q

For Stefano
-----------

We'll be doing isogeny classes that Stefano has already computed, plus:

 * Any g, q
 * ordinary or C-S (q=p, no real roots), squarefree
 * Z[F,V] = maximal order

For each isogeny class, write lines to two files

 * isomorphism_classes.txt (one line per ideal)
```
isog_label:frac_ideal:rep_type:is_reduced:cm_elt:is_product
e.g.
1.251.v:{{1,0},{0,1}}:0:f:{21,2}:f
```
 * isogeny_classes.txt (one line per class)
```
isog_label:order_index:order_is_bass:order_is_maximal:size
e.g.
1.251.v:1:t:t:9
```

Use `\N` for null.

["1.251.v", [251,21,1]]
